blue cross on front of car
two jockeys race their horses down a track .
The TV and stand in the living room
a woman on the opposite team trying to block the frisbee
A group of spectators with umbrellas are on benches.
Two baseball players talking to each other
ridged metal pole stand to a large clock
a platter of fine china
An outdoor patio with chairs and potted plants.
Baseball team players in the dugout
The characters 9F on the side of a plane
second set of closed umbrellas
A male sitting outside at table
Bright red semi-gloss block wall
A trio of traffic lights next to a street sign.
A sideways rendered date stamp
press board table top
a table is set up with wine glasses and a cake .
fondant characters on cake
Red and silver sign with Asian characters
Streamers and ribbon suspended by lights hanging from a ceiling.
box springs with flower print
the green sign with red and yellow characters
A public transit bus on a city street covered in snow
a fine bristled retractable brush
The water is flowing fast
black electric clock on night stand
Two butcher block knive sets.
there are english and Chinese characters
Asian characters on side of building
foreign characters on the vehicle's side
the wall is cement block
The players wear uniforms.
Grate over a concrete block
a baseball player blowing a bubble with bubblegum .
Chinese characters on the sign
hedge bush growing outside of the tennis court
A cross on a tower.
three baseball players playing a game
Three baseball players at first base
springs of the seat
The yellow vase on the second shelf on the right.
a stop sign is leaning to its side at an intersection .
bat stand in middle of bats
series of curved forms around body
a man reaches with a racket to return a tennis ball .
concrete or cinder block walls
a blue and white cross walk sign
Yellow time and date stamp
date and hotel that the photo was taken
second story seating area
a man in a yellow t-shirt sitting cross-legged
a train pulls in to the train station .
A blue billboard sign in  a busy city
armed forces identifying patch for US Army
a man gestures over a microwave as he leans on a chair .
fast food items on plates
models of airplanes on the tables
A bike chained into a fence by the street
white trail that can only be made by incredibly fast planes
There are many computers and lap tops on this desk
Street corner with stop light
the trees in the tennis court
base ball diamond with players
A tennis court has snow on the surface
the toy train set is set up and being photographed .
a cross on the front of a church
The tennis players arm extended.
a food truck serving calamari sandwiched between other food trucks .
young boy in the bed reading a book to his little sibling .
block of green water in front of surfer
aqua press wall with white advertising signs
An older matte black truck is sitting beside a shiny red car in an antique car show.
a plastic wrapped toy wagon filled with stuffed animal and other items .
a horse is being led away by its bridle
Father and son tennis players posing for a picture.
A second sandwich on a wrapper.
english letter is white
The military plane has a cross on the tail.
a woman in seat with hair blowing in wind .
Red cushions against a window in front of table with a table light and a bench.
A little girl reaches out at the zoo to feed a huge elephant.
a man blowing out candles on a cake held by a woman .
top glass block in wall
a skier is resting in the middle of a race .
a young woman looks at her cell phone .
different plane models are seen.
tennis court marked with white color
The tv stand is made of wood
Cement block outdoor flooring.
the little girl is reaching for a piece of cake .
A man and woman smile near a child wearing skis and ski poles.
a small locomotive engine blowing a cloud of steam .
man working at stand
second story of building holds two balconies
photo date on right
dinner table set with different fruits , pies , and breads .
a chef in a kitchen pours gravy on one of several plates of food .
book of forms on desk
Four elderly women sitting and toasting with champagne
It is raining as traffic flows on this  busy one-way street.
man and his skateboard caught mid-flight during a leap
Long forks and springs
People are waiting to cross a street in an old town.
a street light pole is leaning towards the ground .
a yellow and blue train pulling into a train station .
A stand with devices on it and wires behind it.
tail fine view of a red plane
a man putting a turkey in the oven
person has a stamp on her hand
Chinese characters on sign
a motor boat leaves a wake as it pulls two waterskiers behind it .
A dark wooden cross with a small sign attached
second hand on clock
Blue section of tennis court
a block on the ground
A crack on the court
A train is going very fast
cross nailed to a wall
A man is cooking dinner in his kitchen.
A line of double decker buses with a clock tower in the background.
girl climbing steps toward giraffes as they extend their neck toward her .
a fire truck turning at the corner of a road .
tan letters on the tennis court
two men in suits hitting a gong with hammers .
fork under english muffin
a guy in the desert sitting on his motorcycle
fine stitching on leash
Headpiece of the second rider from the right
Net separating a tennis
men of forces wearing the dress uniforms
A double decker bus is stopped at the traffic light.
White cross walk in road
baseball player holding baseball bat as man takes photos
a player on second base
a drink being poured into a white cup .
The tennis court is two different colors.
a golden stand for the tub
Black bike seat with silver springs.
A bus that is sitting in the street under wires.
A girl is sitting on top of a horse.
A group of people standing in line on a city street.
Blue characters on a white background
A man putting his face to a white ball on a ball field.
a sponsors name on the tennis court wall
Lid of glass cake stand
Silver cross necklace
the date on the photo
fine metal safety netting
Box springs of bed.
grey fine toothed comb
a layer of fine sweet chocolate
white graffiti on a stand
white paper with pictures on stand on the table
man putting decorations on tree during holiday season .
The water bottle on the stand
A time stamp on a video.
guy's hand trying to block the camera
rolls of towels on stand
picture hanging in the wall with anime characters
a group of people stand at a bus stop
stack of books on bed stand
batter being poured into a waffle press
red characters on top of blue building
a woman is looking in the mirror and brushing her teeth .
a passenger train is seen pulling up to a platform .
a man and a woman are shaking hands amidst a crowd by a cake .
the players are moving
a wedding being set up with one of the umbrellas blowing away
yellow date taken stamp
a man moving a refrigerator in to a house
man sitting in fruit stand
White second story porch
fine china with flower design
A red light on a street by a glass building.
A desk topped with a laptop computer next to a monitor and key board.
Many people standing in the snow using skis.
white edge of white tennis court
The white bins on the second shelf of the fridge.
a woman points a hair drier like it is a gun .
a man in blue shirt sitting on a pile of luggage .
the tennis court net divides the court in the middle
A group of people are sitting and eating at a table with food and wine.
person holding a block of ice
white frisbee in players hands
Two soccer players
Land forms in the distance
rocky and rectangular block with openings on dirt
two tall men shaking hands in a meeting .
medium brown wood fine grained table
A brick wall separating players and spectators.
empire near second base
This photograph was taken from inside a vehicle on a road with a cross street called "Google".
Dresser with dinosaur models on top
man taking pictures of players
The line on the tennis court is white.
large cement block
a man leans over a desk in a hotel room .
a number of people laying on a beach with opened umbrellas
a desk with a monitor some books and a keyboard and a lamp
letter on the wood block
the white cross on the flag
the girl is stretching to reach the tennis ball with her racket .
Child sitting cross-legged on the floor
An ice cream sandwich next to a glass jar.
date and time stamp on a picture
The large and ornate foyer of an art museum; people are milling about.
the Asian characters are red
a person opening up a pizza box in a living room .
A couple of street workers looking to direct traffic
line where block fit together
bananas and oranges on fruit stand
a train pulls past an apartment building and a sidewalk .
a red tennis shoe on players foot
front of military plane is pointed and fast
an attraction for a fair
tv on a stand
The man is using a laptop near a companion looking into his cell phone.
date stamp in the corner
Yellow ball on the court.
The boy has a orange stamp on his hand.
a snow skier putting on skis in the snow near a building .
box springs on bottom of bed
there are two players in the court
the models are red and black
two fishermen paddling their boats along calm water .
A group of people sitting around a table in a restaurant.
the date is probably somehow, somewhat primitively digitally conveyed
Bottles of wine sit on a counter with a menu board in the background.
a beer resting on the seat of a motorcycle .
An audience witnessing a press conference
the second gold horse
Three police officers mounted on horseback wait to cross the street.
time stamp on the picture
small models boats on TV
The stand in the background with products the color white.
four pictures of a room showing a bed , pictures and a laptop on a desk .
Large groups of people are observing the events happening in the lake.
a large clock mounted to the side of a building .
a jockey is leading his horse while photographers take pictures .
People are sitting around a table where a large pizza is displayed.
a woman reaching to hit a tennis ball with a racquet .
characters are posted in Chinese
tennis players shaking hands
a second daybed in room
A man in a colorful umbrella hat holds an orange.
The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.
A table with someones lunch with wine and a laptop. 
this sign is not in english
a woman pulling out some baked food from the oven .
a railing on a second story balcony
cone of plane appears dark, shiny and fast
the watermark is a block font
a store with bunches of bananas hanging from a wire .
woman in back of a court
a man skateboarding while walking his dog .
large green bench press on the table
date the photo was taken
some people and a giraffe is sticking out its tongue
wood platform for bird to stand on
There is a car that is coming up this street
A display of different phone models
a cross country skier bending low
A complete living room set in a furniture store.
this is a blue court
A street with parked cars and birds in the air and on the ground.
a man acting like he &apos;s going to put his dog in an oven .
blue box on tennis court
a woman standing at an outdoor display of assorted fruit
date 2008 printed on the label
red bags behind players feet
people line up to board a bus on a sunny day .
a fast food meal served on a white plate
a classic trolly car is displayed in the middle of the road .
Green stand in the snow.
a man without a shirt holding a purple tooth brush .
i cannot see where the green arrow is pointing .
A large screen with information about the players.
a knife block on the shelf
The players are male.
Men are riding horses past other men working on a motorcycle.
A red date stamp
Silver metal monitor stand
A person waiting to cross the street
a fence behind the players
a butcher block with knives
white block on the street
black TV stand with flat screen
a lady that is hanging onto a brown jeep
fading on the court
woman cross her arms
plants behind toy models
The traffic lights stand out a lot.
an old lady wrapped in a blanket eating food
A woman looking onward with a man fixing some drinks.
the cross on the top of the building structure
boy sitting cross legged
The plate has stuffed red peppers and carrots on it.
a girl with pale skin wearing a hoodie holds up a toothbrush .
block wall behind giraffe head
A cat sitting in a bathtub surrounded by various clutter.
many motorcycles are lined up to be displayed .
An airport undergoes typical daily operations under an overcast sky.
There is some fine sand here
grass tennis court
pelican forms ripples with legs
cars driving by a gas station with a big sign
a date stamp for 2010/02/07
several kids skate boarding under a bridge painted with graffiti
a boy and girl at a table drawing with oil pastels .
time and date stamp on the photograph
a man wearing a hat sitting under a tv mounted on a wall .
gloves are in the players back pocket
a woman is filling up glasses with champagne .
a man is moving an oven using a dolly .
the fair sky
beige stair way going to second level
a group of men riding skis down a snow covered ski slope .
microphone on angled stand
a white alarm clock is on top of the night stand
The umpire is signaling that the game should be interrupted.
a black cross on a vertical stabilizer
kids at a fair eating
a man on a motorcycle is passing another vehicle .
a woman walking throw a trade fair
the players uniform is green and white
ink stamp print
Television set on wooden stand
a long table set with a variety fruits , vegetables and baked goods .
night stand made of dark brown wood
sharp knife on the chopping block
a sign in a language that isn't English
small boy leaning over a fence to see several lambs .
Yellow and black pole with a yellow cross.
The light forms a rainbow
Buses and car following a path down the street
block of cheese on plate
a white stand on road
a hand holding a hotdog with ketchup , mustard , and onions wrapped in foil .
a block defining the space for the bench
the tennis court
The motorcycles are going fast
Name and date on the bottom right corner.
a woman in a fair isle sweater
second traffic light on pole
date book with plastic cover
people in hats are riding on a large elephant .
a wood night stand.
fence next to players
A picture of a train rolling across a road with smoke billowing from a building in the background.
an orange sign with written characters
cross on tower steeple
a couple of men walking past a red double decker bus .
a couple of wood signs pointed in different directions
neon sign in a second floor window
green baseball field with players on it
a man in tight black shirts snow boarding
wood cross
second car parked on the street
two people on surfboards with one riding a wave towards the other .
The tracks cross here
Two red trains parked next to each other by some buildings
several people set up beach umbrellas near the ocean .
second paper notice in a row
Concrete forms in pavement
crowd of people stands and watch as guy on horseback leads a bunch of horses behind him
Windows logo stamp on laptop.
man in a white hat on the tennis court
A couple of people that are eating some food together.
Dirt is on the baseball players outfit
Woman going fast downhill.
A group of people riding on the back of an elephant.
a clock on a wooden block
a fine skateboard
fast food soda cups
A paper towel roll on a stand
Big springs on the bottom of train.
players shorts are red
A picture of some family having a birthday party.
Several skiers are standing around in the snow.
a beautiful young woman in a green dress pulling up her dress to show off her thigh .
proprietor of the mobile lemonade stand
a hard true tennis court
Mud forms along the edge of the watering hole
a person passing a frisbee between their legs .
Helmet on the second horse rider.
a man that is covered in liquid near a hydrant .
Chinese characters on the window
black springs
A couple of people are standing near a wooden bench
A light reflecting on a tie press.
long net across the court
older dude on bicycle in a country where spanish/english are the official languages
soccer players in a light blue uniforms
a black music stand
date when taken in yellow
score card being held by a man on tennis court
Two leather sofas sitting on each side of an entertainment center.
several people are on a beach with surf boards and two of the guys are pointing toward the water .
a truck crosses train tracks near an oncoming train .
black remote on the tv stand
wooden slat that forms back of bench.
Back of court is green.
grey concrete cross by the building
man walks on a sidewalk as a car drives on the street
a woman putting pepper on her slice of pizza at a restaurant .
A black barrier stand.
two children pose with their heads resting on their hands .
Man stand in crane
Cluttered night stand
the players socks are blue
baseball players white pants
Propellers too fast to see.
a man putting food in a cart in a kitchen .
Baseball players are in the background
a green tennis court
a woman with a dog talking to two people sitting on a bench .
block of snow on a hill
second floor balcony
a plate with white characters
the date and time indicating the time of picture
A couple of kids on a field with a kite.
A little girl riding on the back of a motorcycle.
the stand under the tv
Two double decker buses pull away from a building.
a man reading a book to a child in a bed .
a tree on a city block
orange date print
the second level of the bus
information stamp on image
A desk containing a computer work station with several monitors.
chairs and tables on the side of the court
Old english writing on board
woman being shown how to play disc golf indoors
An image of a kitchen setting with stainless steel appliances
Silhouette of tennis player on court.
a man is riding a horse in a dirt enclosure .
ground where bike stand
A few people  including a nun are eating pizza.
knife set in a wooden block
zebras stand close together to watch for predators
the combs are fine
A person standing at the food stand.
the woman is pouring wine into the glass .
a metal stand for the flowers
adult on a tennis court
concrete block near street.
security forces vehicle with open windows
a table with two cakes and champagne glasses and two women serving cake .
An empty but lit living room with a fireplace.
asian characters in red
yellowish green grass over fine tan sand
a white line a cross the field
little white english car with vertical oblong taillights
A man filming a women holding a microphone on a street corner.
two motorcycles racing down a race track in front of a hertz rental advertisement .
water passing under a bridge that cars are driving on top of .
Some happy people gathered at a very nice looking table.
the necktie has a circle cross motif
a baseball players uniform
the young girl puts a silly red hat on her dog &apos;s head .
cartoon characters on the bottle
Award for state fair pears
player running on court
man paddling small boat on river in native land .
a stand next to the sink
a dog is resting its head on its owners lap
ladies serving up blue trays of cafeteria food .
the players in the dugout
a clock on a building with people painted around it .
a young boy is putting ingredients into a blender .
there are two foods and one drink set on the clear table .
a black second hand
a line of runway models
grey block in sidewalk
a man takes a selfie as he opens his new computer .
A cat is lying down on a packed suitcase.
the trains are toy models
A red white and yellow bus some buildings and cars
Some traffic is moving very fast
yellow stand
a man is swinging his racket on the tennis court .
second level of building
orange date stamp on photo
a stamp in the wood
a woman leaned over a sink brushing her teeth with an electric toothbrush
A table and an entertainment center with a large screen TV.
a bunch of books on book stand
two white chairs on tennis court
a woman is pointing at the camera while lying down
A time date stamp in the corner
two chairs set up on the sand of the beach .
a woman shows her sandwich to the camera .
An organized kitchen counter and stove with pots and utensils
A stuffed bear that is against the glass.
awning for food stand
making a very fast turn
white asphalt with fine lines
The stand of the t.v.
block sneakers with green laces
the fine is 350 usd
grill press
Name and date stamp on picture
curves of forms worn over shoes on snowboard
a boy in a bow tie sticks out his tongue .
Two older ladies with their dressed up cow.
Black tv on top of brown stand.
a small compact car driving past a furniture store .
The athletes eat bananas at the outdoor event.
A city bus is going down the street.
A net in between the players
second leaf from left
Beyond a car dashboard is a city street with a traffic light and a red car.
person forces cow to ramble over rocks for unknown reason
people climbing up the snowy mountain side on skis
white cement block wall
a group of men standing next to each other on a stage .
the word front on the sign in the english section
foul lines marking the court
a large clock tower is lit up on a shore .
Two airplanes on an airfield with big clouds in the sky.
Man getting ready for a penalty kick
Yellow criss cross on the street by train.
date stamp on photo is 8/23/08
A cluttered desk has a coffee cup on it.
front springs of motocross motorcycle
a book is on the night stand
a white paper not in english
Electrical wire stand
a sandwich on a block
tennis court being used in a match
a man hitting a tennis ball on a court .
Red circle with white cross under right wing
Two tennis players standing together
fast moving ball towards home plate
a lava lamp on stand
the fence covered in netting at the end of the court
A motorcycle kick stand.
Knives in wood block
a television that is turned on , on a wooden shelf .
a city bus driving down a crowded city street .
a man leans over with a tennis racket in hand
a clock on a glass stand
Red and white Stop sign with characters in a non-English language
a woman speaks into her microphone while looking at the cow .
a sign that forms an X
People waiting to cross street.
Red tie with Peanuts characters
date and time of picture
a baseball players bat
Woman wearing a cross on her neck
two professional baseball players talking on the field .
member of opposing team trying to block the shooter's shot
black mit in players hand
yellow fair pole on fence
a truck covered in ads drives in a desert area .
the city bus has pulled over the side of the road .
baseball players dressed in gray and orange
the tv stand is blacjk incolor
fine brown dirt
large yellow commuter bus turning on a city street .
Black hat with a red cross
the man and the girl are running across the sand .
people are watching others play a game of tennis .
a music stand on a curb
a very attractive young woman turning on the water in the shower .
White copyright stamp
block behind the woman
Three players are wearing helmet.
A white bus is driving down the street
Cather's mit for hand protection against fast pitches.
A red cross forms on the floor.
neutral makeup on both rain models
A kitchen with red trim around the doors and walls.
yellow time date stamp
a baby is sticking a toothbrush in its mouth .
a motorcycle is parked in front of the road block
a woman on a surfboard is paddling in the water .
Wall design of people characters.
Several adults and children sitting in chairs eating pizza.
Silver french press coffee maker
tree root jutting out in jagged forms
black Samsung tv on the tv stand
a man leans back and gets ready to fall during part of the game .
Staircase leading to the second floor
a large group of people sitting at a table holding menus
cross walk lines on street
a man reaching into a dish for a slice of pizza .
thumb press into a doughnut
top of tennis court
Top of net on tennis court
red ground of a tennis court
an alarm clock on the night stand
a block paved sidewalk
Street sign on a pole in english and chinese
The man's hand forms a fist
A truck waiting at a red traffic light
A woman has her picture taken as if she is opening the door to a cabin that has bears outside it.
Starps on the stand.
a advertisement for highland springs
a camera set up in front of a sleeping cat .
a plastic hand reaching towards a plastic toy blender .
a fence between the field and players
They both are playing on a tennis court.
Woman standing on tennis court
date stamp that reads 12/04/2010
A time stamp
stand full of baseball fans
A laptop and a desktop on the same table.
a woman tries to brush her teeth with a huge tooth brush in a store .
a young woman stirring a steaming pot on a stove .
a net divides the court
Blue, yellow and white stripes on players uniform.
the young girl is boarding the bus to school .
players standing behind chain link fence
fine grey gravel under players' legs
black and white photograph of two bare feet sticking out from the covers of a child &apos;s bed
A brown stand next to a wall.
White potted flowers on the tennis court
decaying amazing building that looks like something between an aztec and buddhist shrine in the english countryside
the lady appears to be going cross country skiing
a red train is passing over the water on a bridge .
white lines painted on court
adult carrying a child in full gear , including skiis at the bottom of a ski slope .
a man showing a brown horse to a group of people .
A statue of a cow and a calf in an area with benches with people sitting on the benches.
A couple of people with bags standing on a escalator.
black lamb second from right
a fryer that moves donuts down the fryer .
A big basket of bananas next to some people
tan colored brick block wall
black metal cross-walk light
a close up of half sandwiches displayed on elevated plates
hairy arm with fair pale skin
a person reaching up to grab a soccer ball .
some kind of festival or fair
a woman putting icing on a homemade cake .
White striped pedestrian cross-walk painted on street.
A colorfully painted line of bunched together houses lines a poorly paved road
A smiling man sits on a scooter with a little girl.
a young boy wearing a catchers mitt while getting hit by a ball .
Three computers are lined up on a desk.
A green and white bus is driving down the street
a red train on a track passing a building .
gold Chinese characters on a red flag
a red and white county fair tent
fine inscriptions on item
sign written in english and foreign language
baseball players on field
wooden cross hanging on a wall
crumbly english muffin bread
a tennis player standing on a tennis court with a racket
ad on the wall of the court
a blue and green bus turning down a city road .
the sign has white characters
a young woman pouring a glass of wine .
A man bringing his tray to a table at an outdoor restaurant.
man in the middle of tennis court
a very crowded street sign pointing to attractions in multiple directions
the net across their court
a wooden block of knives
yellow numbers showing the date
a brown horse with an english saddle
the sign has asian characters
An office filled with a computer
a woman putting on a jacket while looking at a clock
Laptop on a stand
Two fire engines and two small fire trucks parked in a parking lot.
microphone on the court
dirty concrete wall behind players
A library filled with lots of books and computers on desk.
The fast moving subway train
The top white cross.
the date says 7-1
this is the cross
a bunch of children are sitting at a birthday party
fine thin red hair
buildings are behind the road block
shadow on tennis court.
There is a car stopped at a red light.
fair large legion of anti-climate change, 350.org, kites with tails in the overcast sky
man falling into the water as the wave knocks him off his surfboard
An indoor bazaar with people buying items from tables.
Television in the tv stand.
a mirror on a stand
white characters on the street
A plethora of colorful kites that seem to be for sale
green colored material separating the court
This could be at a science fair.
sydney written in white letters on court
A dirty white dish towel with red cross stripes
a sign in a zoo, written in catalan - spanish – english
a fine silver pocket watch
White door on second floor
The net on a tennis court
Two female tennis players shaking hands
the sidewalk in front of the produce stand
this players is shirtless
oranges and pears on the second layer of a fruit tree rack
three workers in a commercial kitchen serving cake .
soccer players connect chin and forehead
a group of military people running towards a school bus .
some people standing in the middle of the street lined with motorcycles .
blue wood life guard stand
Cell phone is in stand.
A black and brown dog fast asleep on the couch.
man standing next to fruit stand
a young child standing in a kitchen with the refrigerator door open and the child is leaning into the refrigerator with their back .
expiration date in black ink
some cows are painted with pink and purple dots .
Balconies on the second story of the buildings
a man is reading a book while another is holding a dog .
baseball bat in players hands
the two people are riding on a black bike
date of the recording
cross on top of church
A block wall is behind the skate park
Grey cross on a green dome top.
players are playing baseball.
blue wall of the court
sing is written in chinese and latin characters
cross section of a broccoli stem
black metal fence behind a tennis court
a girl in a dress leaning back on a cow wearing a straw hat .
a rounded edged wood block
metal stand for ropes
small child cross country skiing
Monitor stand below monitor
some colorful kites hanging outside an old building .
fast looking yellow motorcycle
The second highest rail of the jump
Tall date palm
a man pointing a the feet of a little boy .
silver and black french coffee press on shelf
White writing on a blue court.
Gray television on stand
the people move about and congregate in the public area next to the large white tent .
copyright and date
people are watching airplanes from behind a fence .
hind leg forms one quadrant
a man trying to climb a big red chair with a fake horse on it .
a orange bottle in stand
characters on the sign
Brown stand holding bananas.
The date 02/10/2009.
books in a black stand
A man standing on a living room holding a couch cushion
sign above the people at the fair
a small kitchenette opening up to another room .
girl showing cow at fair
blue net around tennis court
Net across the tennis court
Baseball glove on players left hand
Three women standing inside of a kitchen
second floor windows
beige table lamp on stand
A black cat is on a yellow checkered bed under a desk.
A black entertainment stand on wheels
an old image of a pickup truck broken down on the side of the road .
a church tower with a cross on the roof
two bicyclists waiting to cross intersection
black chinese characters n white sign
cross structures for bridge support
The tennis player's shadow is on the tennis court.
a missing cider block opening to the outside
second bird is standing on car
All sorts of food crowded on a plate sitting atop a cluttered counter.
these are baseball players
A motorcycle with an old fashioned side car attached.
fast blue and white train
an older person passing out plates of food to young people
car going down the street just passed the traffic lights
a bus passes by a bicycle rider and a motorcyclist .
a man is playing violin in his kitchen
a small boy reaches up into the kitchen sink .
two guys holding up the wii remote controls .
ball on a tennis court
jelly jar on top of a chopping block
a fire hydrant painted like an american flag
A park with horses grazing grass near to their owners 
wave is moving fast
A wooden stand
Baseball travelling fast in the air
date in the corner
a metal stand under the seat of a bench
a couple of elephants photoshopped to stand out
a juice press
green grass behind players
a carriage carrying several people is being pulled by two horses .
The building has a clock displayed on the sign.
Cartoon characters on top of the building.
man standing in a tennis court
two uniformed people are serving food to guests .
The sky is fair.
Young girl in striped shirt eating hot dog in restaurant
Brown tennis court with white lines.
a woman reaches into the oven for her bread
a cameraperson pointing a camera and mic at a speaker .
cross country ski racers skiing up a hill.
a car quickly passes the intersection of a busy street .
a watermark and date
the seat of the second motorcycle
Fake trains
a woman adjusts clock while several people watch .
several people pushing a truck from the dirt onto the road .
rusty springs beneath 'schwinn'
a few people about to cross the road
Chain-link enclosure for tennis court
a dog with its tongue out looking up at a frisbee by a man
Several vegetables and fruits on a table and a mason jar.
the angel is holding a cross shield
the bird is stand on a tree branch
time and date stamp on the picture
black and white tennis court netting
a block lower half of a wall
a stand with information
Two men sit outside a small store/restaurant where fruit is on display.
cap on players head
the block of hay
Time date stamp is bottom right
Picture stamped date 8/10/2013.
a cat that is getting its teeth brushed .
a person on a snowboard has fallen down on the snow
A large red bus driving down the street.
the side of the second train
A block in the wall.
mini hi-fi on small stand
The word AUG in the date
players uniform is black and gold
truck has two white Chinese characters
fine, pale sand
train going by fast
a small black entertainment stand
A bunch of people are enjoying a day in the park
a man stand on dock
a man standing on court
two people stand next to the boat
Small bedroom with a bed and a mounted television.
a dog gets its teeth brushed by a man .
Tall lights at the court
the blue handle of a french press
long fine hairs on chin
wheels of train with springs
a girl pouring a drink out of a blender .
White second hand on the clock.
Dollar amount of the penalty.
fast food on white plate
Newspaper stand on the grass
this couple is on a date
a white line cross walk.
a man on a ladder trying to reach a book
A bright sun shines in a partly cloudy sky above a snowy terrain.
women waiting to cross
the class room is filled with quiet students .
A motorcyclist driving very fast
two players watching the batter
A backwards baseball hat on the players head.
a camera on a stand
Two characters on the television
an umbrella standing in a tennis court
a person on a skateboard pushing off the pavement
person has fair colored skin
black metal plant stand
a fruit stand with lots of fruits and vegetables
Date stamp of March 16th, 2008
fine whiskers on animal's chin
fast food hot dogs and onion rings
man with glasses in suit leaning over to blow out candles on a cake .
a purple umbrella with little cartoon characters
a young girl by a fire hydrant blowing bubbles .
a hotdog is wrapped up in some foil
the springs are silver
the date is shown on the outter portion
A man on a skate board as people look on
Mcdonald's advertisement in a language other than english
A train at a train station moving along.
A date underneath a clock face
car moving incredibly fast
A car stopped at an intersection because the lights are red.
The speaker on the stand
a romantic date night
the second engine of the train
A motorcyclist is stopped at a traffic light.
Cantilevered traffic and railroad signals at an intersection.
a skate boarder going fast
propeller is moving fast
Part of the tennis court is green.
the date of the picture
cross walk area painted on the street
players shoes are black, red, and white
Double red doors on second floor
fence in back of the court
A man is looking at assorted baked goods.
cars line up to coin meters on at a busy sidewalk
This open-air stand takes place in Jamaica
net of the tennis court
soccer players red shirt
leaves on tennis court
A bald guy holding a glass of wine
Four players standing on a tennis court
Tarp on the side of the court
green tennis court with white lines
a plate with a chocolate covered and cinnamon sugar doughnut
An elderly couple is having a small snack in their kitchen.
several men are playing sports on a field near some trees , wall , bus , and several buildings in the background .
A man and his dog walk to the sink of a kitchen cluttered with objects.
a group of small planes sitting on top of a tarmac .
green surface surrounding tennis court
Right ear of the second cat
a group of men using poles to push themselves on skateboards .
a man showing a female a large birthday cake .
Woman standing in the doorway of a room that is burnt.
the players are wearing cleats on their shoes
white forms on a keyboard
a metal orange juice press
cement block siding on church
a blue wall beside tennis court
A fence at a tennis court
ink stamp in the pencil box
Street signs at the intersection of Bridge Street and Fulton Mall
pointing sign in english and chinese
a persons feet up and resting on a chair next to a black cat .
a cross street sign
geyer springs street sign
yellow poles by the cross sign
A woman wearing earbuds using a laptop on a picnic table in the sun
Asian characters written on a sign
A group of people sitting on top of a beach next to an ocean.
Knives in a wooden block behind the stove.
part of the ball field with players getting ready to play
a man pulling a pizza out of an oven .
The second clock showing on the tower.
two people walking across the street holding umbrellas .
the players hanging out in the dugout
second seat on motorcycle
banana on the stand
date stamp on the photo
a man reaches out to give the elephant something .
this man is putting coins in a meter
two players in ground
A black bathroom with double sinks and a flower vase.
a young woman on a snowboard putting on gloves .
A sandwich being served on a plate at an outdoor restaurant.
Several children are sitting at desks with laptops in front of them.
a flat screen television is mounted by the stairs .
a fair weather cloud
the baby has very fine hair
Cars drive down the street on a snowy day.
A grey rock wall forms a boundary of the enclosure
boat forms ripples
a red cross on the paper
a man pouring cheese on top of a food scale .
snow on the trees at a cross-country ski race
a person is skateboarding and has just hit a white cone .
a person pouring cake batter into a pan with a utensil .
a tea set on a wooden stand
Snow covered cross walk
poster with cartoon characters
person airborne over a skateboard as the sun is setting .
small boat filled with fruit on a river filled with boats .
A women skiing fast.
Several forms of public transportation
players in team dugout
exte stamp on yellow metal
press type electric cooking grill
the weather is fair
People are walking down a city street after it has been raining.
Security officer making sure everyone is safe at the fair
The players are giving a high five
the characters are chinese
The items of the second rack
the person has fair skin
tan house with lighter colored second floor
Several models hanging in the air in the exhibit
white Asian language characters painted on middle of street
several arrows sticking out of an orange tool box .
an elevated concrete roadway runs parallel to train tracks .
green grass by tennis court
a man is seated on an airplane watching tv .
Four baseball players on field.
The front wheel of the second bus.
two people running after a soccer ball on a grass field .
red painted lines on wooden court floor
several baseball players in the dugout
There is a large herd of sheep in the field.
a person wraps red thread around a piece of fabric .
yellow date and time stamp
fast motion image of woman walking in rain
Man seated at food court table
date in red letters and numerals
street sign advising of penalty
A small wave forms on the water.
The box of pizza is opened on the stove.
five glass vases on the stand
The time stamp display window on the meter on the left.
The window on the right on the second floor.
A couple of computer screens and a laptop.
A tennis player standing in the court
A person below the date
a fast moving train
some signs for a food place with one looking like a stop sign
young man looking into the inside of a refrigerator through bottles .
Two men on a tennis court playing tennis
a man pointing in the opposite direction of the one way sign above him .
bicycles in stand
fast food in the backgrond
window on second level
A group of teens play video games in a living room.
jogging couple resting on benches at the pier across the city view
littleyiye photographers stamp
yellow cross on a tie
two people are walking along the water with umbrellas .
man on a tennis court on a sunny day
Base of the yellow umbrella second from the left
Bizarre sculpture on a coffee stand
a fast moving hand
a pizza with mushrooms served on a plate
a photographers stamp on the photo
a team of good soccor players.
press box on tennis court
A bedroom with a television set a mirror and some drawers
second car attached to train engine
4 players on the court
a woman holds her hands up to catch a frisbee .
A cat is sitting on the floor in a room with a couch
the second bus has a blue sign
a train stop block
a business man waiting to cross the street
the button to press for the light is below the signal
Two large vehicles parked next to each other.
An orange time stamp
the blue 28 on the back of the players shirt
A small child with braces smiles for a picture
many large pots have been set beside large spoons .
A girl and a woman sharing an appetizer on the outdoor patio of a beachside restaurant.
the table is filled up with food from the grill
the players lean on the fence
two people waiting to cross
a green Christmas tree stand
a young man with a surf board is walking away from the water .
Paper on night stand
a surfer catching a wave on the ocean .
a person holding a remote control pointed at a television .
Cement forms sticking out of ground.
the two male players are after the ball
A living room with a sofa
a man in a black shirt opens an oven door while looking at the inside of the oven .
a person half covered by a blue sheet laying on their side .
A large pipe extending from the wall of the court.
an english taxi cab is on the bridge
two people in skis racing up slope with people watching .
A living room has a bookshelf
a woman in red heels reaching down for her tennis ball and racket .
Four people riding skis and snow boards on a snowy slope
Single white line drawn on tennis court
Brown tennis court floor
block tower on top of hill
Paper forms on the table.
the copyright and date stamp of the photographer
a pair of doughnuts are covered in messy toppings
A stand of trees.
wooden sign with white letters on second bus
a museum containing models of airplanes
antique golf clubs and stand
A white box with a red cross.
time and date stamp
Woman in an english style saddle
two people are walking the dog through the snow .
An old wooden stand shade
a door on the side of the court
child's soft fine brown hair
a dog climbing on top of a person sleeping on a couch .
A kitchen with new appliances and things on the counter
a cross on the top of the building
Skid foot marks on a tennis court
a woman finishes putting tomatoes on a pizza .
Landline phone on the night stand
A fast boat with people in it
A white truck parked on the side of a road
a bench along a tennis court
gate/door to fence surrounding court
Baseball player stealing second base
a woman pointing a wii remote right at the camera
the second base coach watches the play
a woman rides her bike while on her smartphone .
a group of police offices standing in front of a parade .
extremely fast bullet train
Green part of a tennis court.
the wave moves fast
Man sits floor cross legged
date stamp of scene
A TV stand sitting under TV
view of a hand turning on a white blender .
brown wooden stairs leading to second floor
long fine whiskers on a cat
a woman chef is putting food on a plate .
The sign that says Alice springs
two players wearing white shorts
a group of ball players practicing
Landscape shrub models on display
a manual press machine
this shop sells fine ales
date palms on the grassy field
tennis court with white stripes
sign denoting 2900 block
Neon green time and date stamp
College baseball players on the field.
long single block in row
small patch of grass beside a tennis court
a young boy climbing up the inside of a refrigerator .
two english spaniels standing near a person
Man standing on a tennis court
A large brown block.
a woman sitting under an umbrella while reading a book
the small cross on top of the headstone
Four young men discussing in a conference area.
a red tug boat pulling up to a rocky shoreline .
a bunch of soccer players are playing a game
a person driving a car towards an overpass .
two soccer players pushing each other for the ball .
ginger with fair skin, orange hair, billions of freckles, and glasses
Calendar has star wars characters on it
a man covering his eyes next to cases of bananas
a man covering his eyes from sun on a motorcycle
a person in gloves showing the time on his watch
english breakfast tea text
Group of adults wearing funny face masks sitting at dinner table.
a closed umbrella leaning on a building wall
the sport is cross country
people with luggage are turned around and smiling .
person setting in second seat of bus
man resting after a long day with his feet up on his luggage .
a green chair on a tennis court
four shadowy forms of giraffes seemingly looking forward
several people sitting around a table in a small room with a laptop , books and papers .
White boundary lines on the tennis court.
colorful bus parked next to a stand and umbrella
Image of a crosswalk sign in front of a traffic light.
the stand is stable
a man on a field breaking a baseball bat .
a motorcyclist rounds a corner as his partner hangs off the bike .
a man is trying to climb a stop sign pole .
one person riding a skateboard as another falls off a skateboard .
a man driving a boat along the river
black utensils in a wooden block
A blue and white textured paint pattern in a living area.
cross on a building
block on the pole
umbrella to block sun
a photo of people in military attire is displayed on a sidewalk .
block of white text
A white door in a kitchen with teal walls.
a red sign advertising a fun fair
the springs on the motorcycle
photographers watermark and date
edge of a stamp
A red stop sign on the side of the street.
white springs under bed
A man directing traffic at an intersection with a stop light.
a cross sign on top of the tower
Thick white wooden cross.
owners manual for a panini press
players wearing knee-high socks
a truck pulling a trailer with something in it
some of the catholic school children are lined up in single file before the microphone .
Blue square on tennis court
Cars and a school bus travelling on a street and a postal service truck parked on it.
a baseball player getting ready to swing at a pitch .
a group of people being served hotdogs and french fries .
yellow front of second train
a colorful display lighted characters
a fast food ordering bar
green shrubbery that forms a circle around the pedestal
the second hand on the clock
pair of surfers paddling out to open ocean .
a person looking down at his own shoes and the top of a dog &apos;s head .
a silver train is moving through a town
tennis players shadow on court
Shadow on the court
a television screen displaying a cow in a wooded area .
A fancy room with a man in uniform and a tree.
leg of the second person
fast super jet hovers in the sky
Two press buttons of the sweater
the banana hanging from the stand
A double level bus parked on the street
brown mane on neck of second giraffe
shadows of players on court
a dog being blown dry by a man .
a person doing tricks on a skateboard about to fall
the models perky lips
orange "do not cross" sign
Classroom scene of green and yellow tables
the tennis court is made up of sand and dirt
Man trying to block the throwing of a frisbee
Two young  men playing frisbee in the park.
The right front window on the second level of the bus.
knife on the chopping block
many wires criss-cross overhead
A classic looking bus is parked in a lot
blue plastic hot dog stand
a white surfboard stand next to yellow one
a porter is putting luggage on a dolly by a train .
a woman showing a man a bottle of wine .
a toasted english muffin
two lemons together on a block
the second young lady is wearing capri-style jeans
Three woman sitting at a table with drinks.
characters on the billboard
a group of scooters are lining a street .
fresh fruits and vegetables displayed in a market .
Three baseball players wearing white uniforms are in the background.
A white plate with english muffins
Green and red tennis court
grey characters on a sign
waves forms behind the boat
Wooden butcher block on kitchen sink.
orange springs on the bottom of train
stand of bamboo
glass block privacy wall
hey man that is opening up a bottle of wine .
Safety railing on second story of building
Gated street fair
red and white cross on man's shoulder
a person on the ground with two baby bears
pizza on a butcher block table
second airplane leaves smoke trail
The people are working together to prepare food.
a large block entrance
A bunch of people are standing on a street corner
Various plates and silverware places on a table
several people standing around and a woman being handed two hot dogs .
seats in the stand
computer monitor on stand
Wooden railing on second level
a woman on skis looking back to the person behind her
black cap on players head
Soccer players in action
a person sitting at a table writing on a piece of paper .
Statue honoring members of the armed forces
marked pedestrian cross walk
Traffic lights on a busy road in a city.
one side is in english
a boat pulling a water boarder along on a lake .
cross section of fans at baseball game
Blue scooter kick stand
a red dirt tennis court
sheep running really fast
press here sticker on paw
line of trees to the left of the court
The lady is sitting with a remote in her hand.
a stone block train platform
a fine meal on a plate
a metal cross beam
a second pizza in a pan
the woman on the court
person playing tennis on the court
fast train moving along track
Sponsor signs hanging on the walls of the tennis court.
The skiers are at the bottom of a ski slope.
Blue cross window on second floor
orange line on court
a child has it &apos;s hair brushed by an adult .
two surfers looking at the dark stormy looking sky
A tin container decorated with Star Wars characters and themes
the black fast forward arrow
fine toothed blade of knife
a surfer is riding a big wave in the ocean .
The cat is looking at the second cat.
sign laying on the second set of red apples
the players are on a field
A plate that has food sitting on a table.
A messy bedroom with a tv
a white sign not in English
A bathroom with a sink
White letters and numbers, indicating date and photographer.
the second car in the train
a shop displays different color parasols on a wall .
large silver juice press
coca cola international logo, written in english, probably repeated below
This is a picture of Chinese characters
A group of men standing on a court with tennis rackets.
a baseball player has just pitched a ball .
models posing on motorcycle
A small grey block on the median
the second cushioned seat
kick stand on motorcycle
appliances in the middle of a kitchen while it is being painted
Double decker bus stopped along side of street
Curled metal legs on a candle stand
Grass growing on the grass tennis court.
a bunch of motorcycles that are lined up together .
signature of artist and date
Men and women playing a video game in a living room together.
second wooden vertical slat from left
Brown painted signature and date.
characters apart on stage set
pole behind second baseman
four female soccer players on a grassy field
People are standing around an airport with their luggage.
A bar with neon lights behind the bottles.
a baseball player runs to catch a ball that has been pitched
two women and four men playing with a white frisbee
Bird models suspended in shopping mall.
people enjoying themselves at the fair
Two fine drinking glasses
A woman kneeling on a chair in front of a television.
a woman winding up to pitch a softball .
A bed plastic stamp
a weed growing up from the tennis court
base ball opponent players
railed porch on the second floor of a home
a woman reaching up in the air with a racket to hit an approaching ball
a man in a suit looks on what appears to be a schoolgirl &apos;s project .
bed pillow with cartoon characters on it
This is some type of a fair.
the toys are on the stand
Green grass forms the ground.
Brown box is on the tennis court
a cross on the top of the church
The man's black shadow on the court
A sign for the 550 west block of Bliss Ct.
display models of cell phones
chinese characters on a red vehicle
a group of people watching the baseball players
a cross is on the tower
cement block facade on a building
a woman resting her head on top of her right hand .
tan grey fine sand
people passed out on the floor of a bathroom with urinals and a toilet .
a metal artwork displays a clock in the middle of a floor .
A man jumping up but having his skateboard fall down
a green fence at a tennis court
large green and purple tennis court
the cross is black
a person wearing skis falling down on a snow covered ski slope .
french press coffee maker on the table
Coolers in front of the players.
crosswalk for pedestrians to cross
A monitor a keyboard a cup and many papers on a desk
black shadow on baseball field beneath baseball players feet
a block, yellow, and white baseball uniform
advertisement on tennis court
man using a hand press to make juice
a group of motorcycle riders racing down a track .
the date stamp in the corner of the pic
onlookers at a zoo watch an african elephant .
Three women soccer players sitting on a bench.
Oranges on a fruit stand
Two buses approach a small intersection in a city.
this is a concrete yellow block
a second statue of a cow
the chinese characters on the vase
The second sign says 4 way.
a black fine tooth comb
a person pushing a button on a television .
Two baseball players at the plate
A sign in not english
A woman sitting on the ground in an organized room.
a man pulling some luggage at the airport
players' names in black on yellow background
A red metal frame forms the half pipe
a man showing a younger boy how to ride a paddle board .
A TALL VASE OF FLOWERS IS SITTING IN A WINDOW SEAL
a pole of a lamp stand
blue television on stand
Date stamp 6/30/2013
chainlink fencing forms a field exit
a man standing with his eyes closed holding on to a wii remote .
a surfer runs into the waves on a beaching with his surfboard
a man inside a room putting together a white kite .
a a block in a wall
Partial view of second bus
a round wooden block
A fine white sand
Railing on second floor of building
White lamp shade on tall stand
five wheels on the court
black bicycle seat with supporting springs
fast food
An electronic display showing the date
A small food stand on wheels.
the train is a fast speed train
farmer's market stand
Large cross outside of a church.
logo stamp on the door
a man walking past a train at a train station .
a wake boarder pointing at a wave breaking on the shore .
a white sign with black Asian characters going vertically
man is waiting to cross
People waiting to cross street
three black Japanese characters
blue court on the ground
a young girl with a fair complexion
the players arm is ready to throw
A fruit stand on the sidewalk
Many stairs up to a second story.
a bus waits for a person to board it on the street .
Screen of second laptop on desk
a man in the armed forces
Cars moving at a very fast speed
the balcony on the second floor
A man holding a bowl and plate in a kitchen
fast food chicken patty
bicycle stamp on road
some watery plant forms
a person that is playing in a tennis game .
orange street block
the second hand of the clock
small white rocking chair with mother and child models in it
Street crossing lights and vehicles in a city.
a young man stands pointing in the picture .
a block of buildings
The brick wall behind the court
Knives in a wooden block on the countertop.
stuffed disney characters
this wall forms a stall
pendent on a fine chain
players waiting in dugout
White marking on the court
a man in camouflage and a black hat mounting a horse .
couple guys walking on tennis court
the blue painted do not cross line on the train platform
the woman is pointing to a phone in a cover .
Small French coffee press.
Two toasted English muffins on a plate.
ovan kept in the stand
A town street features several vehicles on a rainy day.
a couple of kids that are playing with a soccer ball .
a man sitting on a cement block
court attendant sitting in chair
black lamp with floor stand
Glass safety rail on second floor.
Large blue flag above the entire fair
a young woman holding a freshly pulled carrot up in the air .
The water bottle on the side of the court.
block of black butcher knives
A van going down the street
a cop on a horse talking to a cop on a bike .
wide brown night stand
the date is orange
date and time stamp in corner
White paper on a black stand
people boarding a parked double-decker bus on a busy street .
a wooden block sitting on the table
Three baseball players are in the field.
a man is talking on a phone at a dinner table .
yellow plane with characters
Look of concentration on game players face
beer being poured in a container full of hotdogs .
Double decker bus drives on the street in the day.
a color guard with flags leading a parade down a street .
French coffee press
baseball players posing together in an old photograph
a group of people on motorcycles passing by buildings .
black cow being walked near a group of people .
2010 date in black
time stamp in corner of image
A top view of a city street with lights.
a couple of women walking down a street under a pink umbrella .
Two beds with white and blue sheets in a room.
Plate of food that includes a salad and a pastry with fruit and cream.
Woman on a tennis court
cross on top of steeple
Red dragon fruit on a fruit stand.
Tray of white rice and english muffins
Black stand with microphone
date and time of photo
Large models in the park field
a young child stirring a pot of food .
train moving fast blurring image
boy standing on tennis court
A person is riding a camel in the middle of a desert.
A skateboard with asian characters painted on the underside
small food press on stove
one soccer player falling to the ground as another falls over him .
a bus turned over on its side in a horrific crash .
lamp stand light
A very big group of people on a city street.
Baseball catcher watching players
All of the women are wearing colored hats at the tables.
group of cross country skiers
grass grows next to the block
cross next to the clock tower
a man pushing a wheelchair on the street .
A woman cutting into a celebratory cake on a table
someone pouring some seasoning on food that &apos;s being cooked
unfinished wood block under freezer
A red fire hydrant with a chain on a cement sidewalk.
second red and blue train
tail of cat forms a C
big hairy fair laps
A couple browses a farmers market with vegetables.
Photo's date stamp.
an apple cider press
some people crossing the street on a sunny day
Many cars are driving swiftly on the well lit city streets.
the shin guard on the players leg
A stand of trees along the edge of the lake
Shadow of the man on the tennis court
a bunch of baseball players waiting for their turn
stamp on boy's left hand
a train with steam engine is passing through a railway station .
second story of house
yellow sticker with asian characters
fence on a baseball court
Another stand and its owner
Sitting at a large table in a restaurant eating with chopsticks.
lifeguard stand is blue and white
a cross walk across street white pattern
teal sign with white asian characters
the tennis court is made of grass
A TV is on in a small studio apartment at night.
Dark colored stand a tv is on.
this court is green
a street light broken in half on someones lawn
a tennis player is moving to the side and is gripping his racquet with both hands .
a red newspaper stand
trunk of elephant forms a C
Soccer players sitting on a bench
a woman on a tennis court about to serve the ball .
a picture of a recently married couple displayed behind glass .
Red white and blue shelter on populated beach.
long black pipe on display stand
a woman pouring a man a glass of wine .
The table is set with several bowls and plates.
white TV stand on floor
loose sediment forms on the rocks
the second street light
gold religious cross on top of golden ball
an old model train moving down the tracks .
some people gathered around tables drinking some wine
A small yellow boat set in the water by large rocks
a woman falling asleep next to a man , who are both sitting down .
cross centered in curved panels
12/22/2006 date stamp
A person next to a transit van
The cave the wave forms.
chinese characters are in the sign
The body of the stand up lamp.
an elephant is sticking it &apos;s trunk through a fence .
green grass as tennis court
chair is decorated with Disney characters
chain-linked fence behind players
power lines cross in the air
a hand points a black and white remote toward a large screen .
red second hand
A desk with a laptop and multiple computer monitors.
Dirt on the players pants.
picture taken at drive up fast food chain
sunglasses of second rider
a giraffe leaning over a fence at a zoo .
blue umbrella pole held fast by sand
a man in front of a produce stand
A wooden block holding up the boat
baseball players sitting in dugout
a man talking on a microphone in a suit .
yellow tennis balls on court
Several people in a living room with game controllers.
plant is on a metal stand
Many candles are placed on a table in front of a painting.
People eating a meal together at a deli
the judge's chair by the court
A white stand mixer
lighted signs for different forms of public transportation
fence around the court.
cross on the church roof
man turning his back on his own reflection in a mirror .
a dog reaches into the air to catch a flying frisbee .
Back right foot of the second goat
white engraved cross
bird second in line
a man swinging at a baseball with an umpire behind him
Sandwich on the second shelf.
five baseball players
a red don't cross signal.
two cars and a motorcycle on a road being crossed by a herd of elephants .
there is a man putting on a tie .
Knob above knife block
a horse reaching over a fence eating wild grass .
a man opening a fire hydrant spewing out rusty water into a street .
A semi truck loaded with smaller vehicles travels on a ferry.
A man stands next to a brick building near a stop sign on a city street.
A woman in sunglasses posing with a kite at the park.
pattern on side of second giraffe
a man trying to cross
Balconies on the second floor
the court is made of sand
Man cross country skiing.
a baby elephant reaching for grey bag at a zoo .
a man writing something down while on a cell phone .
the fire hydrant on the side of the road is painted green and white .
people on the second level
tennis match in progress on outdoor court
The items on the top shelf have painted characters on them
lots of kick+grab marks on white wall below blurry words of graffiti [likely not in english]
A train that is near a crowded train station.
tennis player on the green colored section of a court
an elephant opening its mouth while two men watch .
tennis court in bounds area for doubles play
section of fine gray sand
cross made of stone
A parade float that has a surfing sheep or bull on it
green and white concession stand near umbrella
The car is moving fast.
a table filled with assorted models and tools
Lamp on the night stand to the left of the bed
An entertainment system with television and video game systems.\n
two people climbing a mountain on their skiis
People on the court playing tennis.
white sign with blue asian characters on it
buses lined up on the street in traffic
a green part of a tennis court.
two tennis players wearing black shorts
very fine fabric and material
black armed forces name on wing
March 7th is the date on the calendar
a boat that is sitting in the water .
the english muffins are toasted
red hat on baseball players head
a triangle forms on brick
a horse being shown to a small group of people .
A family eating around a table drinking wine
A ball girl at the back of a tennis court
second place is wearing yellow
a man photographs two baseball players
baby in yellow holds on to her teddy bear .
air forces flag
A man that is sitting at a table with a cellphone.
silver and black French press coffee pot
a black dog running on a field of snow .
woman sitting on a stone block
baseball players signing autographs
a motorcycle side stand
boy sitting cross-legged on ground
Three women searching in their purses in front of a parking meter.
an elephant is reaching over the barrier with his trunk .
Man skiing fast
White candle on a stand
Couple at table with plated food and assortment of glass ware.
Their are three buses that are very colorful
A large amount of traffic is lined up in the dark.
Baseball cap to block sun
a man putting a coffee cup in a microwave .
a man water boarding on some giant waves in the ocean
a daytime picture of a couple cross country skiing
the hand is going to press a button
sign on brass stand
black iron gate with white cross
A large group of people standing holding umbrellas.
woman wearing dress about to cross street
Kick stand on a motorcycle.
person doing a hand stand
A couple with skis posing in the snow in the mountains with a group of skiers  and snowboarders in the back.
white Arabic characters on sign
players name on his shirt
Cinder block base for fence
date stamp of photo
A big Apple store literally standing above a road
a man falls down and his hat goes flying while snowboarding .
People with umbrellas waiting to cross the street.
eight movers helping someone move into heir new home
characters on the edge of the plate
area next to pot stand
group of people all showing off their cellphones in a group seating .
there is a building behind the court
a traffic jam at the corner with the leaning stop sign .
a iron stand on back
tennis court floor is blue
hot dog and french fries served in a cardboard carrier shaped like a car .
an english muffin sandwich
yellow stamp date near bottom
A food worker reaching into a rack of donuts.
People at a fair.
The players shoes are black.
The blue tennis court
Two trucks
a man skim boarding on the beach in the sun
Red T-shirt with white cross patch
sticker is blue+white and i think written in English+kanji
the copyright stamp on the photo
Grey block wall behind woman
Luggage and backpacks lined up against a bedroom wall
A young girl stands beside a black handled suitcase.
Man helping child stand on snowboard
block for bench feet
english word in green
a cement block wall
tennis court floor
low grey wall behind players
brick building on a city block
a man reaching down for something in a box
A blue truck is pulling a white boat
The white ice models in the room.
Front wheel on second white truck.
A postage stamp.
a motorcycle racer on a track leaning into a curve .
A pot is fitted in a stand.
a man in a blue jacket lighting a cigarette .
Sis car models on top of each other
English city bus on the road
a truck covered in graffiti sitting on a street with other vehicles
the collar decoration of a fair isle type sweater
A marble table with many plates and pizzas.
Buttons for pedestrians to cross the street
The second train car
a small child wrapped in a towel on a bed .
Cows laying down in the hay at a county fair
People buying food on fast food store
an english saddle above a saddle pad
the players shoes have spikes
a taxi turned sideways on a busy road .
a cop leads the way for other people on motorcycles .
tennis ball shadow on the court
a man crossing his eyes with a remote in his mouth .
child forces straws into a a can
a room with a laptop a game controller a game system and monitor
A man walking next to a  woman with a kite.
red time stamp on the photo
A man riding an elephant plays basketball while others watch.
window planters outside second story
The comb is fine toothed.
A stand mixer
a green court
Blue border around tennis court
a woman opening up a laptop computer gift in her living room
Number of court on the wall.
a small dark brown night stand
Some people are at the county fair
A table full of fine china.
a stand of snow covered trees
an isle in a grocery store filled with lots of vegetables .
a man riding the ocean waves on a surfboard
time stamp with red number
collage of a phone store with woman showing features .
Time and date stamp in corner
a woman is running along a sidewalk while a dog is on top of a skateboard .
pregnant woman writing on her stomach holding a yellow teddy bear .
A man stand next to a jeep.
Light green tennis court
A bunch of food on a counter top.
two man standing on a tennis court
Photo date stamp
A man who is talking on a phone while standing next to a women.
a sign showing cross streets
a group of paddle boarders watch the beach .
do not block intersection sign is above the right lane must turn right sign
a group of men standing around each other having drinks .
the steeple has a cross on top
a finger pointing at a hotdog with cheese , sauerkraut and ketchup .
Large tv on black stand.
A beautiful woman wearing sun glasses while drinking coffee and eating a doughnut.
Three people are at a table and two
second bird on right
second skateboard in picture
large date palm in the distance
Curved stairs on the approach to the court yard
There are people walking around in a city with trees and buildings.
second man skiing in snow
a railing forms a corner sitting area
a copy of vanity fair is displayed
The date stamp on the photo.
location characters are white
An oven with its door open is next to a microwave.
a tennis player reaches with her racket to hit a tennis ball
a man is blowing into a plastic ball
Chinese characters on the back of the truck
The train is traveling in fair weather
Booths at a street fair.
three windows on the second floor
A man who is taking a bite out of a piece of pizza.
a bunch of buses driving along a road with cars .
stop sign in english and farsi
A jet in the sky and some skiers on snowy slopes
players in dirt circle
a girl with arms crossed leaning on counter over a rectangular pizza , by a wall calendar and containers .
The sign is in arabic and english
the players tennis shoes are white
two men on surfboards catch a breaking wave .
the woman is waiting to cross the street
a man on a field swinging a bat at a ball .
The birds are flying fast
a cement truck pours fresh cement on the road .
A crowd of people standing at the fair.
three men carrying several suitcases down a sidewalk
many utility cables cross over the street
People looking to cross the road.
people on the second floor
Brown block and white house with pitched black roof.
a person that is reaching for a remote control
many glorious forms of opportunistic weeds
person in black with a camera at the side of the court
Shadow running across a tennis court
A group of people standing around with snowboards.
logo on the tennis court
Shades of the second biker
two long and narrow panes below cross bar
green floor next to court
dog forms splashes in the water
A view of a building from very far away.
a black cat climbing into a bath tub .
woman is behind the white line of a tennis court
A round concert block
a man posing for the picture while he is pointing to a logo on his laptop .
blue tennis court area
bolt on cross walk sign
A street with people walking down the street
professional speaker on stage pointing out his coworker
spikes on a players shoe
white fast logo in corner
facial expression, particularly mouth that says, 'yeah, i'm fine w/ being a corporate drone
Some skis are resting on a ski rack and a hill people and trees
date on the screen
A little boy playing ball in the park.
A pink and white laptop and three computer monitors on a desk.
boundary lines on court
dirt ground elephants stand on
A man taking a picture of the players.
red second hand on top of other hands
A group of people with cameras sitting while a man rides an elephant.
a large concrete block
Soccer players on field.
Friends and family at a happy luncheon in a restaurant
People watching men getting the wool off of an animal.
large orange and green sign giving name and date
Date stamp of photograph
a woman in a gray tank pours tomatoes into a blender .
white stripes in road is a pedestrian cross walk
rapid in fast water
people putting candles on a cake that is sitting on a plate .
White clock face with brown characters
a cross in a church
A group people standing on some skis in the snow
tail of elephant forms a circle
Blue garbage can on second floor.
a vehicle going down a street covered with suitcases .
helmeted man mounting his well maintained motor cycle
A man sitting on a white lawn chair under an umbrella.
second suitcase on bottom is orange
two people walk down the hall while a guy has drink beside a large teddy bear .
fine china plate with gold rim
red white and blue truck is at the fair
There is a group of boats gathered at the pier on the water.
Green furniture highlights a small living room area.
a herd of animals being led to a place across the road .
red bananas at a fruit stand
really fast moving hand
Baby fine light brown hair.
Shadow on the ground of the second racket from the left
microphones are lined up on stand
a man wearing glasses and a suit points the finger as he speaks
a tv showing two men in hats and women .
Angels overlooking the cross
a man sitting cross legged in the grass
the yellow block in the parking stall
a young boy reaching up to grab a red apple .
the court is dark blue
a cats closed eye forms a slit
young female date wearing a purple rhinestone sleeveless gown
A metal and stone column holding a bell and cross.
a red bus starts to pull over on a street corner .
A metal kitchen rack with lots of clutter on top of it.
The bench the players are sitting on.
a spanish-language storefront displays its many wares in the windows .
Brown plastic fast food table
english flag printed umbrella
A big tv on a stand
a white-haired man with tattoos carries his surfboard along the shoreline .
advertising to the state fair is mounted on the lamp post
glass top on night stand
A bus that is sitting in the street under a bridge.
Black block with number on it
second animal in the back
fine white spray against nose of craft
a number of people sitting in a living room
surfboard forms a splash of water
date and time stamp
a lone spectator behind the tennis players
three skiers skiing on a hill with two going down the hill and one moving up the hill .
Two yellow and white trains are riding the tracks into a station.
some people are riding on a merry go round and lights
Three different cellphone models
small table lamp on the night stand
A indoor tennis court.
a man falls while trying to catch a wave surfing
people reaching into a broccoli garden and picking broccoli .
a second story railing
Silver springs on the side of bike.
An electric train on a bridge crossing a river.
two players in orange and white sitting on sidelines
A bus full of tourists rides down the street.
a fast flowing river
the time stamp sitting in the corner
The computer desk is next to a shelf with speakers and books on it.
An ironing board is pulled out in a kitchen that has some antiques.
This part of the court is blue
orange time and date stamp
A group of people looking at a menu at a table.
The street signs are clearly visible for all to see.
an American flag in the background of a press conference
a lady looks out onto the city from behind a giant clock .
5 cars of varying models parked on the street
a block wall behind the man
A rocky cliff next to large body of water.
an unfinished block of wood
open door of a second bus
the players glove is black
a man turns on a fire hydrant near a rocky hill .
a hand moving too fast for the camera
A group of men playing a game with some remote controllers.
walking so fast person is captured as a blur
Bag on the cement block
Red table with fast food above it
A man holding roses next to a woman holding a cake.
white teeth-like forms on top of wing
fine texture of feathers
Green propeller airplane sitting on an airport runway.
A motorcycle
A group of friends hanging out and playing video games.
The front of a Harley Davidson store in Paris.
a baseball player catching a ball on a baseball field .
a second meal plate.
stone block building side
horse running fast with cowboy on the back
four men on court
Four women work busily in a large kitchen.
A white desk a keyboard a laptop and a monitor
pair of hands typing fast on keyboard
two red metal springs
stand in the room
people eating fast food
wood block of knives
woman pointing up at the sky while talking with a man .
A market with vegetables and a lot of people around.
this is a press conference
blue tennis court
man stand on skateboard
toy models of buses
A guy and a girl are expressing pleasure with their new Wii system
Two boys are speaking in a classroom with desks and chairs.
fast pass tickets on bus window
A white pot on the stand
surfer stand a surfboard
an off white set of box springs
box springs under a bed
a glass block window
english muffin with egg and hollandaise
this license plate has non-english characters
a person cross country skiing in the background
The time stamp is red.
two men racing horses down a racing track .
black band on players wrist
The canvas sits on the stand
One person on the court
two cars driving down a street next to a green bus .
a train sitting on the tracks next to a platform .
A motorcycle has multiple compartments in the back.
a woman wrapped in a towel after a shower brushing her hair
two guys in the background are observing the movements of the players
an english style toilet
group of family pictures hung over a fireplace .
Oriole on front of players hat
A group of older men standing on a tennis court
The players uniform is white
large soft drink cup from a fast food restaurant or store
double decker red and white bus passing through a city downtown .
A girl on the tennis court is preparing to hit the ball
a cross on the top of a spire
a wooden bowl of bananas that someone has drawn faces on .
floral box springs under mattress
a young man standing against a wall talking on a cell phone .
A crowd of sports fans are standing behind a barricade.
two horses stand on hill
Two women kissing a man for a photograph.
items for sale in stand
A group of skiers on the slope of a ski resort.
baseball players shoe
Young woman in grey sweatshirt hoping to block frisbee.
Copy right date 2010
A bed of steel springs
mass sheep and woolcraft fair ribbon
Signs on signpost naming streets and block numbers
a person lights a candle that is on a piece of cake .
two young softball players sitting on the bench
Opponent Reaching Out to block
Top window pane in the left corner of the second story window
a very fast baseball
colored springs on truck
a dark blue sedan moving fast
Woman getting ready to cross street
a man and a woman showing off their food .
a professional tennis court
Candle on glass candle stand
The bolt underneath the springs.
white marking on tennis court
a man who is putting a pizza in an oven .
The block for the post
this is a coffee press
food on english muffin with yellow sauce
a man is racing a black motorbike around a race track .
an old stone building with a clock mounted on the side .
yellow safety tape at a tennis court
easel stand for painting
The night stand is wooden.
poles that block entrance by large vehicles
judge on side of court on blue platform
stand for trays
blue tennis court with painted white boundary lines
A picture sitting up against the side of a parked car.
players in the dugout.
the picture has a date stamp
Straight fine black hair
A block of brown stones.
baseball players dressed in red and gray
a man on a skateboard in front of a camera that has been set up .
large patch of grass next to fast food restaurant
clock face on wall date
green wall on tennis court
Orange color night lamp with wooden stand
Bread dough cross hatched design
male cross country skier
A TV stand
Coming fast around the bend
the door of second floor is brown
a cross railway sign
fire trucks move down a city road , while children play nearby .
A window on a second story shop.
green field next to players
a tennis player runs in order to hit the ball .
A double deck bus is driving down the snowy road.
a brown cat is stand
round light gray large cement block
yellow time and date stamp
The sole of a second green shoe.
a young boy sitting on the ground while holding an umbrella .
Net across tennis court
players watch from the dugout
The date 01/03/2008 in yellow.
green cross on top of building
a person putting dough into an oven with a spatula .
a woman in a purple ski suit racing two other girls on skis .
players playing base ball on field
a man climbing an elephant with a saddle attached .
Four cars parked on the street with a stop sign
a child is reaching for an orange frisbee .
large tennis court
a time and date stamp
a person is mid air while falling off a surfboard an a large wave .
a man and woman holding coffee and talking to a woman in the city while walking their dog
person on the court wearing black shirt
The picture has a date stamp
date 01/05/2011
a tent pitched in the snow with trees and skis nearby .
baseball players helmet
two people setting up a table of food
doilee stand is silver
man cross country skiing during race
a bus is driving away from a bus stop .
this is a fast food place
A cinder block wall.
a person walking down a sidewalk on a busy street at night .
a large crowd watches a tennis player while he serves a ball .
Cartoon characters on his shirt
a pizza sitting next to a bowl of salad .
Cube-like cement block out-building with large square door
the net between the two players
postage stamp with liberty bell
two men are moving logs with a red truck
a motorcycle going fast
part of a tennis court
A modern building has a long table holding many fruits and vegetables.
A woman sits on a large bean bag and uses a computer.
some friends are hand shaking in the baseball stadium .
clear stand for controller
Luggage sign in english and spanish
A bus that is driving on the road.
a woman reaching her arm out before she hits a tennis ball
a dining room table set up for a fancy dinner .
A man paddle boarding on a city river
red on players sleeve
a man rests on a wooden park bench .
white springs boxes and gears below train engine
Woman dressed as a maiden at the fair
eyes and a frowning mouth have been drawn on this fire hydrant .
bird characters on top of a brown cake
young female wrapped up in a colorful striped beach towel
a horse with an english saddle
a young girl climbing out of a suitcase on the floor
red cross with a white background
An older couple cuts into a wedding cake.
chinese characters on the side of a bus
A clock with cartoon characters on
dark wooden wash stand
Baseball in players right hand
a skier passing two people on a snowmobile .
a man is putting food on his plate and a woman is pouring wine .
two men are snow skiing and one has fallen down .
a non english sign
pedestrians cross at a crosswalk in a crowded city .
case with cross on it also has red trim
short tan entertainment stand
paper triangle stand
playing on green and blue court
A couple of people playing a video game in a living room.
second base found directly behind the pitcher
large crack in tennis court
A blue fine on the surf board.
red double decker bus with Chinese characters and number 8
several men and women in soccer uniforms run around a field with many people and stands on the sidelines .
Man playing tennis on purple and green tennis court.
a man hit something that exploded with a bat .
a blue , yellow and green surfboard sticking out of a sandy beach .
a man is climbing up a silo because his truck is full .
some hands are coming from the closet and reaching for a sleeping woman .
Banana shaped yellow banana stand
Three baseball players on baseball field.
little girl standing on a tennis court
a young boy breaking a toilet apart with a small hammer .
two motor cycle springs
name and date in the corner
the penalty box is white lined
Two men playing with a Wii in a classroom.
egg shaped object on a stand
The black baseball mit on the players hand
a table set for a dinner of pizza .
A jet sits on a tarmac with vehicles parked near it.
name and website of photographer and Chinese characters
Road block submerged by water
Watermark, showing copyright date.
a red cross decal
raised cross on top of remote control
the knife block is filled
people walking through what appears to be a mall with many stores .
a group of game officials at the corner of tennis court
gray color on court
a man begins to cut up a pizza with a fork and knife
Small section of baseline on a tennis court
Red traffic lights sitting in the middle of a road.
two young men reaching up to grab the same disc .
three baseball players standing in a row
a celtic cross stone monument
A skier going down fast on a slope
a large group of individuals going snow skiing
white springs under mattress
computer monitor on the stand
This person is waiting to cross the street
charger stand on a desk
TV on the stand.
the line that shows foul or fair
The traffic light has a red cross.
spectator seats at a tennis court
green bench on court
A football and baseball jersey hang on either side of a television set.
Turnstyle entrance to court
flower on ice block
clear plastic French press
knife block sitting on counter with knives in it
a grill press
There is a book stand that is filled with books.
second green sign from the top
cross walk at intersection
a jockey is racing on a horse in the rain .
second man looking over first's shoulder
a stoplight with images drawn on each of the lights .
cross that sits atop the column on the left side
light stand beside bed
this stand is yellow in color
A family sitting at a table enjoying a meal together.
